Fusion LSP in Insights (#7822)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/dbt-insights.md

- (Optional) &mdash; To query [<Constant name="semantic_layer" />](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) metrics from the <Constant name="query_page" />, you must also:
  - [Configure](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/setup-sl) the <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> for your dbt project.
  - Have a successful job run in the environment where you configured the <Constant name="semantic_layer" />. 

> - (Optional) To get [Language Server Protocol (LSP) features](/docs/explore/navigate-dbt-insights#lsp-features-in-dbt-insights) in <Constant name="query_page" /> and have your compilation run on the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, set your development environment to use the **Latest Fusion** dbt version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) To enable [Language Server Protocol (LSP) features](/docs/explore/navigate-dbt-insights#lsp-features-in-dbt-insights) in <Constant name="query_page" /> and run your compilations on the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, set your development environment to use the **Latest Fusion** dbt version.
```
